Add `strict` option to `sendMessage()` (#1098)
sindresorhus/execa: docs/api.md

[More info.](ipc.md#exchanging-messages)

#### sendMessageOptions

_Type_: `object`

#### sendMessageOptions.strict

_Type_: `boolean`\
_Default_: `false`

> If `true`, throws when the other process is not receiving or listening to messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throw when the other process is not receiving or listening to messages.
```
